Title: Peter becomes principal

[Music]
we now return to Sesame Street
now on HBO yum-yum-yum-yum-yum
oh hi you guys how was school honestly
mom today was kind of weird every kid in
school had to write a list of five
reasons principal Shepherd is cool and
then have their parents sign it
watch that seems crazy one time I saw
him pee in a urinal with his hands on
his hips
that's pretty boss why would the
principal make all the students do that
I don't know I think he's going through
a tough time he's in the middle of a bad
divorce Wow how do you know that he's
actually been pretty open about it
good morning students today at 3:30
James Woods high will be hosting a
cross-country meet which also happens to
be where Lorraine has threatened to take
my children across the country and
here's today's Tuesday trivia question
does this sound like yelling because
apparently this sounds to some people
like yelling
all right finally some peace and quiet
so I can buckle down and get some
writing done hey Bonnie
whoa listen to this say it's all been a
pack of lies what why just do it just
say it's all been a pack of lies
it's all been a pack of lies really good
thanks babe
hey you know what that songs about Phil
Collins watching some guy watch another
guy drown and then the next night he
invited the watching guy to be in the
front row loved his concert so he could
sing it right to him and they can arrest
the guy really why wouldn't he have just
helped the guy who's drowning I don't
know I think he was on a bridge or
something like he could see it but he
couldn't get there in time but he let a
whole day pass why didn't he call the
cops he's busy right in the song wait if
he just watch doesn't that also make him
a little guilty look I'm not saying we
wouldn't bring Phil Collins in for
questioning I feel like maybe this story
is bogus hang on let me check Snopes
yeah none of that happened hey what's up
well I'm trying to work on a sequel to
the Old Man and the sea hey you are you
allowed to do that but I can't get
anything done it's so damn loud around
here oh yeah that's what Hemingway used
to complain about this Spanish Civil War
is just too loud how am I supposed to
get anything done no I mean it might
sound silly but I used to daydream that
by now I have my own place by a lake
somewhere an oasis where I could go to
write pay the bills by renting out the
rooms Oh like a B&B that could be fun
what what are you talking about I'm
talking about you and me opening a B&B
are you serious that'd be great sure
it'll be fun all right let's give it a
try can't be any worse than when I was
on the Nights Watch hey guys you all
want to say the oath again
for the watch for the watch for the
watch hi Brian
I'm the boring story line at a fat guy
that's watching that girl and I'm
ballers well well if it isn't Meg
Griffin leave me alone you guys relax
we're taking the day off from bullying
oh thank god
[Music]
very funny
who put the Ark of the Covenant in here
meg is so stupid she couldn't handle the
glory of God's love students faculty and
staff of James Woods high does anyone
know how to push down the backseat of a
Highlander I know I can make a bed in
there I just don't know how oh my god
principal Shepherd what's wrong I just
listened to two hours of butt-dialed sex
between my wife and the ADT alarm guy
why didn't you just hang up because I
missed the sound of her voice principal
Shepherd your wife is on the line she
says uh Oh God
harder
[Music]
man I still can't get over how perfect
this place is I know it's going to be
such a darling B&B I got the boiler up
and running mr. Griffin well we don't
have a boiler but I can't wait to see
what you've done in the cellar
Oh also please rub the H in the sea off
all the knobs so people won't know what
the hell is going on I want the first
four minutes of every shower to be
confusion and anger
welcome members of our school community
let's call to order this emergency
meeting of the school board regarding
principal Sheppard's meltdown I know a
number of our students have felt
traumatized by the events of this week
and we take those concerns very
seriously well wish I'm done with my gum
I don't want it but I'm done with it yes
I'll take it
so due to his erratic behavior we have
placed principal Shepherd on indefinite
paid leave
typically vice-principal mcguire would
step in however I was informed earlier
today that she was found dead in her car
therefore the board is seeking a parent
volunteer to serve as interim principal
until a permanent replacement can be
found hey Lois maybe I should do it I've
always wanted a job where I can let my
dandruff go wild what no way I'm not
having my dad be the principal how
embarrassing
yeah no offense Peter but I don't know
if you should be running a school what
are you talking about I'm a natural
leader that's why I'm so good at leading
Simon Says Simon Says leave the band I
don't know well you know what you guys
are wrong and I'm gonna prove it to you
again
any volunteers I'll be your new
principal wonderful why don't you come
on up and introduce yourself all right
James Woods high cheerleaders give me a
hand
[Applause]
Peter no jack I go pop pop fish fish oh
how sweet it is Jack Jack I'm done with
this gum now I don't want it but I'm
done with it
mom why was this Listerine in the
garbage Oh your father says he doesn't
need it anymore now that he's a high
school principal oh my god he's not
really doing that is he I'm only gonna
get bullied worse now hello
Breakfast Club as a principal I like to
start each morning with a reference from
last century dad I don't want you to do
this too late
I've already been practicing given
students awkward and uncoordinated high
fives Chris if I may Hey two fingers
inside of the palm contact perfect all
right I gotta get to work by 7:40
because that's when high school stats
for some reason see you at the way too
early 10:40 lunch I feel you Meg shut up
you shut up
[Music]
Wow look at us running a B&B
yes so far all the guests seemed very
happy hi we're checking out just charge
my card that's weird that's the fifth
couple to check out after only an hour
hi we'd like a room please wait I'm
sorry weren't you just here a moment ago
with a different man oh crap
Stewie we have a problem the only people
checking in are here to have sex with
prostitutes Walt nonsense well then why
are they all signing the guest book and
writing quaint things like rails crystal
good oh damn it this is awful how could
I have not noticed sooner I mean it's
more obvious than when George Takei was
in the closet
hey George how are you I am a
heterosexual I love vaginas so what are
you doing tonight
hopefully choking on some lovely lady
parts Oh number is all right that sounds
fun see you later
I had the heterosexual
[Music]
good morning children I am your interim
principal mr. Griffin and to show I'm a
fun principal I'm gonna do the ice
bucket challenge three years too late
but right on time for a principal and
making no less sense than it did when it
was current you're welcome
person who's probably already dead hey
now I got something even more fun how
about we all do an expertly
choreographed lip dub to a popular song
ladies this is my associate Brian
 Brian what what's all of
this
this Brian is called diversification you
see if our guests insist on bringing
prostitutes into our B&B we might as
well provide the women to what Stewie
we're not gonna become pimps are you
sure I'm sure the answer is no so don't
bother flashing a wad of money because
there's no way I'm gonna change my
answer in the middle of this sentence
okay maybe we could try it out and see
how it goes hey what are you girls doing
standing around get to work I'm telling
you that dog is very easily persuaded
now let's see what's going on at the old
high school
hey guys guys when Borat was making
announcements over the PA this morning
[Music]